Privacy Policy for Hereits:
Introduction

In this Privacy Policy, references to "you" means any person submitting any data or information to Hereits.com. The terms "Hereits","Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" refer to Hereits.com, along with its affiliates, employees, directors, and lawful representatives. The term "Platform" refers to the website (www.hereits.com), mobile apps, and/or any other services offered by Hereits.

Privacy issues are a high priority for us at Hereits. We are committed to protecting your personal information and handling your data in compliance with applicable Indian laws, including the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (DPDP Act, 2023).

Policy Coverage

This Privacy Policy covers Hereits's treatment of personally identifiable information that Hereits collects when you are on the Hereits site and when you use Hereits's services. This policy also covers Hereits's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Hereits's business partners share with Hereits. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Hereits does not own or control, or to people that Hereits does not employ or manage.

Use of Information by Hereits

Hereits operates a unique digital business and consumer platform that facilitates local services and need fulfillment.

Purpose of Data Use: Your user identity information will be kept confidential and will be used for our research, marketing, and strategic client analysis objectives, and other internal business purposes only.
Data Sharing for Service Fulfillment: If you are a user of our need fulfillment services, your personal information (such as name, contact number, and location) shall be shared with Hereits's customers/advertisers/need providers. By initiating a booking or inquiry, you grant unambiguous, specific, and voluntary consent to Hereits for the limited purpose of sharing this data solely to facilitate the requested service or booking.
No Commercial Sale of Raw Data: Hereits does not sell, trade, or rent raw, un-anonymized personal information to independent third-party brokers for external marketing.
Communication: Hereits's customers/advertisers/need providers who are listed with us may call you, based on the query or inquiry that you make with us, enquiring about any:
Need provider/product/service
Product/service of any customer/advertiser/need provider
Product/Service of any particular customer/advertiser/need provider
Transactional Communication: The User agrees that registering on the Platform constitutes an explicit request/transactional relationship, overriding generic DND preferences for service updates.
Cookies: As is common in the industry, Hereits uses cookies and site log files to monitor user registration, to recognise registered members when they revisit the site, and to track site usage. Our ability to identify you as a registered member allows us to customise the Hereits experience and to protect your personal information based on your account settings. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties on the Platform.
Data Retention and User Rights (DPDP Act, 2023 Compliance)

Data Erasure / Right to be Forgotten: Users retain the right to request erasure of their personal profiles and associated data. Upon receiving a valid request at hereitsindia@gmail.com, Hereits will process data deletion within fifteen (15) working days, except for data required to be preserved under statutory auditing or tax mandates under Indian Law.
Data Security: Hereits implements secure data handling procedures for personal and sensitive user data.
Visibility of Public Creative Contributions

Hereits provides a variety of Forums (as defined in the 'Terms of Use') for its members to express themselves. Since this expression is linked to the member's identity and is in the public domain, the compilation of a member's creative contributions to Hereits will be visible to all visitors of Hereits, whether or not they are registered members.

Sharing of Information with Third Parties

Hereits takes your privacy very seriously. However, there may be times when we need to disclose your personal information to third parties:

Call Recordings: Hereits reserves the right to share recordings of all phone calls made between (a) any user and Hereits, (b) any service provider and Hereits, and (c) any user and service provider of Hereits (through UVN), to legal, accounting, or other advisors who provide professional services and/or assist us in training, quality monitoring, and quality enhancement of our services. You hereby grant your consent to Hereits to share such call recordings to third parties for such purposes. Such third parties shall be bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information.
Business Transfers: Hereits further reserves the right to share/sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity in the event it plans to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, re-organize, amalgamate, or restructure its business. If such a transaction occurs, the other business entity or the new entity formed will be required to follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information.
Marketing Agencies: Hereits may share your information to send direct mailers or complimentary coupons/offers to a mailing agency to process postal mailing. Such an agency would be bound by strict confidentiality agreements that limit their use of such information.
Partnering with Others

Hereits may partner with other online services to offer a combined service. Whenever we offer such combined services, Hereits will make it clear who the partner is, and it will be entirely up to you to use or not to use the service. Where any personal information is passed along to the partner, you will be informed prior to that sharing. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law.

Provision of Aggregate Demographic Information to Third Parties

Hereits reserves the right to provide aggregate demographic information of its member base to advertisers and others so as to attract pertinent advertisers to advertise on Hereits. We do not share personal information of individual users with advertisers.

Disclosures Required by Law

It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third-party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users or the general public.

Policy on Abuse on Hereits

Hereits is committed to ensuring and enforcing a safe and friendly online community space for all our members. These rules govern the use of this Platform and its product/service offerings:

Advertising and Spamming: Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group. Overt promotion of, or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed.
Copyrighted Material: Uploading copies of copyrighted material as a whole or in part on Hereits.com without explicit permission from the copyright owner shall be deemed to infringe on the copyright. Hereits.com reserves the right to immediately delete such material without prior permission/consultation from the member.
Safety Guidelines: All members are responsible for the safety of their personal information. We recommend that members do not disclose their names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, or other personal information online. Be aware that when you upload photos on the Platform, they are visible to the entire internet community and can be downloaded. Hereits cannot be held liable in such cases. Do not post chain letters, promote pyramid schemes, or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses.
Legalities: All members are reminded that they may be held legally accountable for what they say or do online, including for any defamatory comments, threats, untrue statements, or other illegal and fraudulent claims made by them. Hereits does not endorse the opinions expressed by its members. If any member fails to observe the rules of conduct, Hereits reserves the right to terminate the membership and/or delete their contributions.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM

In accordance with the Information Technology Act 2000 (and rules made thereunder) and the Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules 2020, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer and Nodal Officer are provided below:

Grievance Officer: Ravi
Email: hereitsindia@gmail.com
The Grievance Officer will acknowledge receipt of any consumer/user complaint within 48 hours and redress the complaint within one (1) month from the date of receipt.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

Registration as a member of this Platform at any time past or present and use of the Platform will be taken as acceptance of these rules. Hereits's decision on all matters is final and binding on its members. Legal jurisdiction for all disputes is the Court of Surat, Gujarat, India.-----TEAM HEREITS can be reached anytime by writing to hereitsindia@gmail.com.
